(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Allie)
Yuya won his duel...
(Frederick)
...und Zuzu lost hers.
(Tate)
The next duel decides it!
The name's Kit Blade
and I'm the slickest Syncro
Summoner you'll ever meet.
Now which one of you
do I get to beat?
You know how much
this duel means, Gong.
But there's nobody else
I'd want or trust more
to fight for our school
than my very best friend.
Duel!
Gong summons Superheavy
Samurai Kabuto from my hand.
(Kit)
A weak monster with
1,000 attack points?
That's your big open?
Ha!
You're diggin' a hole
for yourself, big brows!
You start playing cute
and things are gonna
get ugly real fast.
Nice going!
Now hunker down
and wear 'em out
with your Heavystrong
Dueling technique!
I Synchro Summon Level 9
XX‐Saber Gottoms!
(Yuya)
Gong's got his work
cut out for him,
'cause Kit looks ready to slice
and dice his way to victory!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Kit)
You don't stand a chance
of beating me, Gong!
And when you lose,
the Leo Institute's
taking over You Show!
(snickering)
I can't wait to walk around
and choose which locker I want!
Maybe I'll take two,
Yuya's and Zuzu's!
(laughs)
This guy's really trying
to get into Gong's head.
I just hope that Gong
doesn't lose his focus.
What's the matter?
Too shocked to say
anything, big brows?
You run your mouth
if you want to.
Gong doesn't
do trash talk.
Gong fights his battles
with skills and monsters,
not with jawbonin'.
You want skills
and monsters?
I'll give you more
than you can handle,
a lot more!
XX‐Saber Gottoms attack
Superheavy Samurai Kabuto!
Nice, huh?
My Gottoms always gets
the job done,
and the next job is you!
X‐Saber Souza,
attack this guy directly!
(growling)
He took that attack
like it was nothing!
He's one
tough cookie!
That's right!
Gong never moves when he duels.
He's got me so fired up,
I might set off
the sprinkler system!
(chuckles)
Well, I've got something
planned for later
that's sure
to cool you off!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Alrighty, Kit.
It's Gong's move!
Gong's got just what he needs
to get things gonging.
Since you have
two monsters out,
Gong can summon
Superheavy Samurai Scales!
And when Gong's got this big
bad boy on the premises,
Gong can grab a Superheavy
Samurai from his graveyard.
Welcome back,
Superheavy Samurai Kabuto!
Unfortunately, you won't be
sticking around,
'cause Gong's tributing you
and Superheavy Samurai Scales
to tip things in Gong's favor.
Gong's bringing out
the staff
swinging Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei in defense mode.
If you ask me, that move looks
like a big waste of time!
When you summon a monster
in defense mode,
it's usually facedown.
True, but one
of Big Benkei's powers
is that it can be summoned
face‐up in defense mode.
(chuckles)
If you keep making
worthless moves like that,
you're never gonna save
your friends' school.
(Gong)
We'll see how worthless
that move is!
Big Benkei, take a swipe
and knock his XX‐Saber
Gottoms into next week!
But your monster's still
in defense mode!
Yeah, but Big Benkei's
allowed to attack
even when
it's in defense mode.
And its defense points get
used as its attack points!
And that means...
Gong's Samurai's gonna
scorch the competition!
That'swunderbar!
(Gong)
All right.
Gong's plan is going just
the way Gong planned it.
Gong thinks that's
enough hurt for now!
I'll show you hurt.
Hiya!
I summon XX‐Saber Boggart
Knight in attack mode!
When Boggart Knight's
in the game,
I'm allowed
to double the trouble
and summon another Saber monster
out to the field!
XX‐Saber Ragigura
will give me the edge I need!
Ha‐ha, it's just a pathetic
little lizard man
with 200 attack points.
With XX‐Saber Ragigura
on my field,
I can add a sword
slicing X‐Saber
in my graveyard to my hand.
I'm picking Faultroll!
And I can summon
my Faultroll
when I have at least
two X‐Sabers on my field.
This guy can really
slice things up.
(growling)
And due to
its special ability,
once a turn I can summon
a Level 4‐or‐below X‐Saber
from my graveyard.
(gasps)
His field's packed
as it is.
It is fuller
than a Berliner!
(Kit)
I'm bringing back the Tuner
Monster XX‐Saber Fulhelmknight!
(all gasping)
This doesn't
look too good.
That's because it's not.
Brace yourself.
Level 3 Fulhelmknight tunes
Level 6 Faultroll!
This is a tune
that's music to my ears.
I bet you can't wait to see
what's coming your way.
I Synchro Summon!
Level 9 XX‐Saber Gottoms!
No way.
Kit bringing back
that powerful monster
can't be good news
for Gong.
That's true, but even though
it has 3,100 attack points,
Gong's gonna
be safe and sound.
We'll see about that!
It all gets decided
right here.
Yes!
Just the card I need.
And now, I play the Action Spell
Extreme Sword!
(both gasp)
(Kit)
And it's extremely
bad news for you,
'cause it adds 1,000 attack
points to my Gottoms!
(laughs)
You gotta love that
about an Action Duel.
Gottoms, go get 'em!
Take out Big Benkei!
Poor Big Benkei!
It sure was lucky
it was in defense mode
so Gong won't
take any damage.
(Kit)
Guess again.
I'm activating... Meteorain!
With this trap, when I attack
a monster in defense mode
and my monster's
got more attack points
than your monster's
got defense points,
you take the difference
in damage.
Here's what 600 points of damage
feels like, big brows.
(growling)
(all gasping)
It's... still here.
When Big Benkei
got attacked,
Gong sent his Superheavy
Samurai Soulfire Suit
from his hand straight
to the graveyard.
Soon as Gong did that,
it kept Gong's
Superheavy Samurai Benkei
from gettin' wiped out
this turn.
So you weakened your hand
to protect
your Superheavy superstar.
That's right.
Only downside is
my Superheavy Samurai
loses 800 defense points.
No sweat.
It still has more
than Souza's attack points.
Oh, yeah?
Not for long!
Hey, an Action Card!
(Kit)
Oh, no,
it's all the way over there!
It's right near Gong!
Hurry
and grab it, Gong!
Gong ain't moving.
Ahh!
If you don't take it,
I will!
No!
Kit picked it up.
How lucky and talented
can one guy get?
I get to activate the Action
Spell Extreme Sword once again,
and my Souza gets 1,000 more
attack points!
Souza, take out Big Benkei!
(growling)
Soulbreaker Suit's
ability activates,
protecting Big Benkei
from being destroyed.
Yeah, so what?
Meteorain's effect means
you're taking more damage,
big brows!
I hope they don't get singed!
(screams)
(groans)
(chuckles)
Not only did you lose
800 life points,
but your Big Benkei also loses
another 800 defense points.
Yeah, but now that
the battle is over,
Gottoms and Souza's attack
points shrink back to normal.
You only survived because
of the special abilities
of the monsters
in your hand.
Huh, so then I'll just have
to arrange to change that.
I tribute Boggart Knight
to activate Gottoms's
special ability!
That means one card in your
hand's going to the graveyard.
Huh?
What the...?
(gasps)
Gong only has one card
in his left hand!
I mean, he only has
one card in his hand left!
I got more bad news
for you!
Huh?
I tribute Ragigura
to activate Gottoms's
special ability again!
Gong lost
his last card!
You were betting it all
on your hand, big brows,
and now it's gone.
Your heavy‐strong strategy
just got you owned!
How can Gong win if he doesn't
have any cards in his hand?
If he'd only taken
that Action Card
when he had the chance!
Why didn't he?
That Action Card could've
helped him win this duel!
Now we are going
to lose our school!
Don't be so sure.
(all) Huh?
Gong's deck has
never let him down.
The way Gong sees it,
Yuya,
a person's gotta
trust in their deck
with their whole heart
and soul
instead of counting on Action
Cards to help them win a duel.
Action Cards
are a coin toss.
Ugh, but not knowing
what you're gonna get's
way more exciting!
Here, let me see
your deck.
How you gonna
battle with this?
It's the perfect deck for
Gong's "heavy‐strong" style.
Gong believes
in his deck, Yuya.
And Gong knows for sure
Gong can win with it.
(Yuya)
All right, Gong.
Make us believe
you can win with it, too.
You are... going down!
I summon the impenetrable
Superheavy Samurai
Soulshield Wall!
And Gong's equippin' it
onto Big Benkei
to give it
a 1,200‐point defense boost.
A monster that can power up
another monster.
You really got lucky.
Luck had nothing to do
with Gong being able
to draw that monster,
because it's all
part of Gong's plan.
But now, Kit, the time
for talkin' is over!
Big Benkei
attack X‐Saber Souza!
(both)
Hooray!
That's the way
to go, Gong!
I'll show you.
I am gonna finish you!
I play the trap.
Gottoms's Emergency Call!
When there's
an X‐Saber on the field,
it calls out two X‐Sabers
from the graveyard!
Welcome back, X‐Saber
Souza and Ragigura!
And with Ragigura's
special ability,
I return Faultroll from
my graveyard to my hand.
Amazing, it's not
even Kit's turn,
but he's still capable
of finding a way
to bring back
a bunch of monsters.
It's just like I've been
trying to tell you, Julia,
his X‐Saber deck's
a cut above the rest.
You usually don't
have anything nice
to say
about other decks,
but I guess that's
what losing does.
It makes you nicer.
(groans)
(thud)
A hundred life points
and no cards in his hand.
It's all over for Gong.
It's not over!
Not as long as his head's
still in the game.
My turn.
Hey, you remember
what this card can do?
Gong does.
Since you got
a squad of XX‐Sabers,
you can automatically summon
that monster.
I'm glad to see you were
paying attention!
Come on out, Faultroll!
Now Faultroll's special
ability activates.
I can summon one Level 4
or below X‐Saber
from my graveyard
and that's going to be
bad news for you!
Say hello to the Tuner Monster
XX‐Saber Fulhelmknight!
He's got Faultroll and
Fulhelmknight on his field
and that adds up
to trouble!
You betcha.
Level 3 Fulhelmknight tunes
Level 6 Faultroll!
(Kit)
It's time I tune you out of
this duel once and for all!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 9 XX‐Saber
Gottoms!
I use X‐Saber Souza's special
ability to tribute Ragigura.
You don't have any idea
why I did that, do you?
But you will!
X‐Saber Souza, take down that
super lightweight Big Benkei!
But Kit's Souza is weaker
than Big Benkei!
(growling)
That's not gonna matter!
By getting rid of Ragigura,
my Souza
is able to automatically destroy
any monster it's battling!
(all gasp)
This is awful.
Gong's got no way
to protect himself!
Now I'm gonna cut your
super‐heavy superstar
down to size.
(growling)
Soulshield Wall's ability
will stop that.
By sending it
to the graveyard,
Gong can stop your attack
by making all the defense
points of the monster
it's equipped to disappear.
(groans)
Think you're smart,
don't you?
But no matter what you do,
you still don't have a chance!
I got two Saber Gottoms,
one to destroy your monster
and one to destroy you!
Gottoms number one, time to take
out his Superheavy Big Benkei!
Gong was hoping
you'd say that.
Huh?
'Cause now Gong's activating,
Soulbreaker Armor's special
ability from Gong's graveyard!
Wha... "Activate
from the graveyard?"
Is that what I think
it is?
Sure is.
It's the exact same card
you used Gottoms's
special ability on
to send to the graveyard.
And you doing that is
what unleashes its truly
awesome power.
When Gong banishes
Soulbreaker Armor
and Gong doesn't have
any spell or trap cards
in Gong's graveyard,
you lose life points
equal to the change
in Big Benkei's
defense points.
What?
Gong's Big Benkei had 3,500
defense points before.
Und now it has zero.
That's 3,500 points
of damage, so...
(all)
Gong's victorious!
No way.
Gong's strategy
worked out perfectly.
Playing spells
and traps actually hurts
his heavy‐strong style,
not helps it.
That's why Gong packed his deck
with only monsters.
Huh.
A whole deck
built of monsters?
That's the craziest thing
I've ever heard!
I see.
That's why you didn't
take any Action Cards
when you had the chance.
You got it, Kit.
Gong don't need
no Action Spells
infecting Gong's deck.
Well, spell cards
aren't all bad news!
I play Saber Reflection!
(Yuya)
Oh, no, that shield reflects
all the damage back to Gong!
So Kit's gonna win
the duel!
(Kit)
It's over, big brows!
Gong activates Superheavy
Samurai Soulbang Cannon's
special ability!
Hey, that's another card
I sent to the graveyard!
Since Gong doesn't have
any spell or trap cards
lying around in his graveyard,
Gong can banish this card to
dodge damage
from your spell!
That's for starters!
All of the monsters
that we have on the field
get destroyed now,
and we both take damage
equal to their total level,
times one hundred!
What the...?
The total level's 33
and that means...
3,300 points of damage!
It's kaput.
It's a tie?
Gong!
Are you okay?
Come on.
(grunts)
I'm sorry.
Gong's heavy‐strong style just
wasn't enough to beat him.
Maybe not, but he didn't
beat you either.
And we all saw
something super important‐‐
the power of a deck
you believe in.
Yuya won, Zuzu lost,
and Gong ended up tying.
Madame Chairwoman, the deal was
you'd take over this school
if your team won the best
of a three‐match contest.
Your team only won one duel,
so the school stays ours.
That's absolute nonsense.
This duel is supposed to be
the tie‐breaker.
The contest can't
be decided by a draw.
(Skip Boyle)
It was a tie!
The last duel is over.
Then we'll have another duel.
The ones who won
their duels can duel
against each other now,
agreed?
(Skip Boyle)
You shouldn't get to decide!
Leave it up to the duelists.
Yuya?
Your boy looks like
he's raring to go.
And so are we.
(Declan)
Wait.
Huh?
I'll be the one to duel.
♪